3.1415
I was at home and suddenly
remembered the digits of pi.
Nothing new ever happened.
It had all lost its meaning.
My existence was meaningless.
I can't even die?
LOVE AND MURDER OF SHEEP AND WOLF
Someone this pretty lived right next door?
I had no idea!
Her hair looks so soft.
Is she a student?
I'll take care of you from
now on, OK?
Doesn't she have any friends?
She took it off!
Hey...
Where is she?
Bro!
Are you there?
Bro! Bro!
I can't stop!
This is weird.
This was on the door.
I was wondering if it was
trash or something.
It's a crazy world out there.
Are you from this apartment complex?
Yes! Yes! I moved in right there!
Actually, it's been two years.
So we're neighbors.
Hello. I'm Miyaichi.
Umm...
Well...
I'm Kurosu.
Hello.
Sorry, I was cooking.
Would you like to eat with me?
- Kurosu?
- Yes!
You have the stretchy kind
of sweatpant strings.
Sorry about that.
Go have a seat.
I'm sorry about a lot of stuff.
Don't worry about it.
I heard that food tastes better
if you eat with other people.
It's been proven by
a physical mechanism.
I knew you were smart.
You knew?
No! No! Nevermind!
It's delicious.
It's really delicious, but...
But?
Could I have some more?
Go ahead.
She told me to come again.
It's like a dream!
I'm glad.
Good night.
Umm...
It may be too late to ask...
Why are you with me, Miyaichi-san?
What's wrong?
I'll just come right out and say it:
I think I'm finished as a person.
You probably already noticed...
I don't do anything.
I quit prep school.
I don't work.
You're eating dinner with me.
But don't you ask yourself why?
How long is this guy going to eat
with me?
You ask yourself that, right?
I wonder...
Also...
This is going to end some day, right?
Didn't you hear a snap and
a crash the other day?
You know what?
If we connect so well...
Isn't that good?
I can't! I can't!
It's a crime!
Let's just stop this!
I says in the contract that
I can't stick thumbtacks into the walls.
Yeah, that's not good.
Huh?
Who is that?
No way! Her boyfriend?
Hey! Cut the bullshit!
What was that?
She had a knife or something.
Then she wrapped her hands
around him...
No! No! No!
No way! Miyaichi wouldn't...
Kurosu-kun?
Are you there?
I want to eat in your room
every now and then.
You asked me a question
the other day.
Yeah?
You asked me why someone like you?
You don't get anxious, Kurosu-kun?
Do you ever wonder if you're
abnormal?
If you're always alone, you start
comparing yourself to other people.
You want to confirm that
you're normal.
But on the other hand,
you just want to be yourself.
The reason I eat with you...
is to find out if I'm normal
or not.
We need a good balance, Kurosu-kun.
It was just a hallucination
after all!
I'm going home, Miyaichi.
Yeah, see you later.
A friend?
I can see your strings.
Kurosu!
Morning, Kurosu-kun!
Good morning!
Are you going to university?
That's right.
And you?
I'm just going to the
wash my clothes.
You can use my washing machine.
That's a bit much...
Then let's eat together
in your room again!
Sure!
Well, I'm off to the station!
See you later!
There's no way!
Miyaichi is a good person.
And she's cute!
But why am I doing this?
Again?
What are you doing?
It wasn't a hallucination!
She killed him!
Did you see me kill him?
Sorry...
Since when?
Not that long ago.
How amusing...
And you still ate dinner with me?
But...
Do you want me to kill you?
I tried to kill myself.
But I didn't die.
Then I discovered that peephole...
and I fell in love with you.
That was better than dying.
And...
even if I ran away now...
I don't know how I would
live afterwards.
You sure are interesting.
You're very interesting!
Tell me how you're felling
at this very moment.
This moment?
Nothing but death awaits you.
What do you feel
In the depths of my heart?
I want to date you...
Miyaichi-san.
That's fine!
Right.
Then...
Fresh blood doesn't taste
like iron.
It tastes like salt.
Not yet. I'll kill you!
Spy on me!
Brother, you have to contact me!
Mom and dad are worried
about you!
You don't have to come here.
I'll show up next time.
You have to!
Thank you.
Hello!
Likewise!
- Hello!
Later!
You sure are pretty!
You can see it!
I'm completely exposed.
Sorry.
I'll patch it up right away.
It's fine!
We're dating, after all.
You're my little observer.
Hey...
Am I really dating you?
Yeah, we're dating!
Then...
Which part of me do you...
What about you?
Which part of me do you like?
Everything.
Wow, now I'm embarrassed!
I guess I need to get a job first, huh?
Ouch!
That'll be 300 yen.
You won't make money that way.
There's zero merit in working
at a convenience store, right?
Well, at least I finally got a job.
Is that so?
- Welcome back!
- I'm home.
Thank you for your hard work.
Wouldn't it be better if we just
talked when we're in the same room?
But it's late at night!
I was thinking about what
a boyfriend is.
This is my first time dating someone,
after all!
You just imagined something,
didn't you?
No! No!
I want you to accompany me tomorrow.
So, in other words, you want
us to go on a date?
Well, there's a problem...
It would be impossible to
suddenly ask for a day off, right?
No!
There's zero merit in working
at a convenience store, right?
Sorry! The one in the lab is broken.
No! This is nothing!
What's wrong, Kurosu-kun?
I'm quite self-conscious and
I just got fired.
Just being at the university
is triggering my complex.
Hello, Miyaichi-san!
Who is that?
- My boyfriend.
- Huh?
Boyfriend?
Boyfriend? Boyfriend?
This is my first time dating,
after all.
Thanks for today!
You really helped me out!
What's wrong?
I wonder if I should retake the exam.
I'll try to get in here next yearn and
try to get rid of the bugs around you!
Bugs?
You're more positive than I thought!
I don't want to imagine a future
where we aren't together.
I'll become a suitable man for you!
Suitable?
I'm a murderer.
And I'm still active.
Actually, I've been doing this
for a while now.
So...
Until when?
Forever?
Are you hungry?
Yes!
Then let's go somewhere!
What is it?
Are you OK?
Did you get blood on you?
Miyaichi, you're outside!
Outside or inside,
murder is murder!
Why do you always do
it in front of me?
We're lovers, aren't we?
So it's a sign of affection?
What did those people ever
do to you?
They haven't done anything.
So you just kill anyone,
without discrimination?
I decide according to some rules.
This is Mazoko!
Criminals have been lurking
around here recently.
I made a list and am killing
them off.
Does that make you an
ally of justice?
You think so?
Is that how you see it?
Uh, nope.
It'd be nice if that were true...
No matter the reason, killing
people is no good, right?
There's no reports at all!
- Help me out here!
- Huh?
I'm tired.
Sorry!
Sorry! Sorry!
- Hello.
Do you like cats?
I do.
If you called me a cat person,
I wouldn't deny it.
- Cats are cute, huh?
- Right?
They're cute.
She keeps slicing people up.
But she sure is cute.
- Are you done with work?
- Yes.
Can I eat this?
Go ahead.
There was one little puppy in the bag.
Then, when you hit the bag,
two puppies came out.
Here.
- Thanks.
- No problem.
I'm finally going to get a phone.
Ah, welcome!
Also, can you get me some
kara-age and an American hot dog?
Yes.
Huh?
You're from my brother's
apartment complex!
Huh?
On the first floor?
I'm Kawasaki's little sister, Haruko!
Thanks for taking care of
my older brother.
Thank you, too. It was yummy!
Huh?
You don't have to pay for
the hot snacks.
- No, I can't do that!
- It's fine!
You guys have been supporting me.
Then I'll accept your offer.
Good.
It's so bright!
I'm home!
Huh?
Stay in your room at 22:00 tonight.
This is...
Kawasaki-sen?
Why?
Miyaichi-san! You can't!
Stop it!
Don't raise your voice like that!
What if I get caught?
Murder is a crime, Miyaichi-san!
What did Kawasaki-sen do?
Make sure you get a good look!
Why?
It's her...
For crying out loud...
What do you see in a guy like this?
Are you brave or just stupid?
Who are you?
What are you doing here?
Miyaichi cut his carotid artery.
She does that beautifully.
That's an interesting definition
of "beautiful".
Anyway, please answer me!
I'm Reina Enmeiji.
I'm here to collect the body
and clean up the site.
Collect the corpse?
He's in bad shape already,
so feel free to chop him up.
Don't you think it's odd that
Miyaichi hasn't been caught yet?
Huh?
I guess I think it's strange...
You're kind of slow, aren't you?
There's plenty of people
who have a need for fresh corpses.
Including me.
The corpses that are produced
by Miyaichi have no competitive rate.
Miyaichi-san...
Where is she?
I think she went to get
something to eat.
She gets hungry after she kills.
Later!
Hey! Hold on!
Why did Miyaichi-san kill
Kawasaki?
Well...
Seeing is believing.
He killed and dissected
the neighborhood cats.
If you asked him how he did
it, he'd go into great detail.
Are you jealous?
Hey...
Why are you so shocked?
You were going to get killed
just like that.
It's impossible for Miyaichi to interact
with people for any other purpose.
No exceptions.
Kurosu-kun?
That was dangerous!
If I slipped, I'd have fallen off!
Did you get here from the veranda?
Yes.
I mean, you wouldn't open your door!
Well...
I'm not feeling well.
Then let me warm you up.
Miyaichi, you're too close!
It's fine! We're lovers!
That's true.
You're right, but...
Your enunciation sucks!
My tongue and teeth make
my words crisp!
Also...
Let me tell you something
interesting!
Don't.
Murdering people is bad, right?
I don't understand you when
you're being so abstract.
I'll tell it to you straight!
Murdering people is no good, right?
Cats are cute, right?
- That's not what I'm talking about.
- Is this because I killed someone you knew?
No...
I don't feel pity for Kawasaki.
It's just...
Wait...
Are there people who can be killed
and some who can't?
No...
That's...
Who makes that decision?
Like I said...
There needs to be lawfulness...
As time passes, a country's
laws change, right?
There is no lawfulness.
I...
didn't want to see it.
Hey, Miyaichi-san...
What?
I think you should go
through the front door.
My room is locked!
I still like her...
Kurosu-san!
Hello.
You're Haruko-chan, right?
Hey!
How has my brother been?
I wonder if he's going to university
or not.
About that...
- I wonder...
- He hasn't come home at all.
I came to see him.
Luckily, Wednesday is my day off.
Miyaichi-san!
Who is that?
I'm Haruko Kawasaki.
My older brother lives here.
I see.
Do you want to wait for him
at my place?
- Can I?
- No, you can't!
You have to go out
and run errands, rights?
I do?
Anyway, as soon as I see
Kawasaki, I'll let you know.
OK?
Well, thank you.
Were you going to kill her?
How scary!
She'll definitely come back
next Wednesday!
She'll definitely find out!
That's OK!
He disappeared without a trace.
There you go...
Well, the food's going to get cold!
Thanks for the food!
You're really not going to kill her?
I already told you...
I have rules!
If I start killing people like that,
it puts my character in question.
A murderer's character?
- This is Haruko! I sent you a message. - This is Kurosu. Hello.
- It's about my brother. Can we talk tomorrow over some tea?
Reina-san?
Hello.
You smell like a corpse.
I thought you were a zombie.
I'm alive!
Not that I really want to be.
Is there nothing you can
be enthusiastic about?
Become suitable for Miyaichi!
Because of Miyaichi's line of work,
Kawasaki's sister is looking for him!
There's no way she'll find
someone who's dead.
I know that!
Don't get so worked up!
If you're prepared to give up
your own life...
I'll help you out.
Pardon?
You got a nice ass on you,
don't you?
As a person you're useless,
but you'll make a good corpse.
You went to the police?!
Yes.
My parents told me that he
hasn't come home in a long time.
So you filed a missing persons
report?
No, I retracted it.
I think he might have gone
on a trip or something.
I really over-reacted!
I think so too.
I want to ask you for
a favor.
Can you accompany me when
I speak to the landlord?
What? Are you OK?
I'm OK!
But...
That's a bit...
I'm scared to go by myself.
Please!
What if he's dead in there
or something?
There's no way he's dead!
Right, Kurosu?
Right.
But he might not be in there...
I'm coming in!
Looks like he's out.
Geez!
What is he up to?
He's got a pretty cool room!
Huh?
Over here!
Looks like he went somewhere.
I didn't want to say this, but...
looks like he didn't want anyone
to interfere.
Your brother's room was neat, huh?
You think so?
Did he go alone?
I don't really know, but maybe
he's job-hunting.
Well, I'm relieved.
Sorry for making you tag along!
Not at all! Don't worry about it!
If something happens, let me know.
No, I can't do that!
I'd piss your girlfriend off!
Pardon?
She's your girlfriend, right?
Having a lover next door
seems nice!
Yeah, I wonder...
We're dating but, as a person,
she's kind of twisted.
I don't even really know her.
You're pretty deep, Kurosu!
No, I'm stupid.
I'm in way over my head.
That was a good day!
Even if nothing happened!
Miyaichi-san...
Who did you see today?
Huh?
I'm in university, I can see
whoever I want.
There it is!
You're hiding something!
Aren't you secretly preparing
to dump me?
What about you?
Why are you so smitten
with that girl with glasses?
No, that's...
It seems that Reina covered it
up, but...
I told you to just leave it alone!
So Reina-san did that...
How unexpected...
She told me it was a bad
idea to connect with people.
And then I ended up connecting
with someone.
I'm surprised as well!
What's with that dreadlocked dude?
He had his arms around you
and you were smiling!
- Very sketchy!
- How about you?
You're practically drooling
if you're around her!
Shouldn't you just end things with her?
It wasn't for her sake!
I was thinking about you!
Not yet.
I'll kill you.
Weren't you about to drop that?
Welcome!
She's here.
This woman sure has some guts!
I came here to reject the offer
from the other day.
Wait! Wait!
I...
was great friends with him!
What are you doing?
I feel the same way, but we're
going to be comrades from now on.
I came here to refuse you!
Where are you going?
You're just going to keep
on killing, right?
And you have some useful tools,
don't you?
The clean-up crew.
I don't really know...
Hey...
Don't work with the police.
You can't wipe us out.
Lately, we have those bastards
coming after us, one after the other!
Honestly, it's going to be impossible
with just us.
That's where you and your
clean-up crew come in.
You can kill them without any problem,
just like you did with Kuu-chan.
It's impossible.
Killing people.
I'll be taking my leave.
It was Korosu, right?
Is that neighbor your boyfriend?
Your pet? Preserved food?
I'll take him out.
Good job!
Huh? Miyaichi-san?
You came to pick me up?
No, just a coincidence.
With such perfect timing?
You were waiting for me,
weren't you?
Then let's leave it at that.
No, no! This is odd!
It's no like you!
What should we eat tomorrow evening?
Anything is fine.
Huh? Haruko—chan?
Hello. Sorry for coming
by so suddenly.
I just got this from Bangkok.
It says to tell you all about it.
This is really amazing...
It's not amazing at all!
My parents asked me what
he's doing!
It would be nice if he came
back home safely.
Miyaichi-san!
But that's right!
He just stopped coming home...
and he won't answer me...
He won't answer...
Haruko-chan?
Huh?
Sorry...
Haruko-chan?
Haruko-chan! Haruko-chan!
Haruko-chan!
What are you doing?
- I'm getting ready.
- Ready for what?
Did she do something?
Wait! Why?
Why?
You said you wouldn't kill
just to keep someone quiet!
You said that they'd question
your character!
I make my own rules.
If you just slaughter people
like this...
the police will start moving in.
I don't want you to be caught!
I'll be fine if she goes to Bangkok
as well.
Even if you don't get caught...
Killing people is dangerous, right?
You might even be killed!
That's why...
you shouldn't kill anymore.
In that case, I'll kill you.
All I have to do is slice your
artery and have you bleed out!
- You can't do that!
- It's really easy!
But you can't do it!
That's not true!
You're awake!
I sure did it!
I passed out in someone else's home!
You must have been tired!
Here!
I'm really sorry!
Not at all! Not at all!
I'll take you to the train station
before it gets dark.
If you're that nice to me...
I won't know what to do.
No...
I'm not really being nice.
What do you like about Miyaichi-san?
What do I like?
Everything!
I like you, Kurosu-san!
Sorry! Sorry!
Sorry! Sorry! Sorry!
Am I no good?
Reina-san!
Pardon me.
Why is she alive?
This is the first time she hasn't killed
someone I was after.
Don't confuse Miyaichi!
Miyaichi won't connect with you
anyway.
A wolf will always be a wolf.
And even a sheep without a flock
is still just a sheep.
I'm sorry about the other day.
I don't have all the free time
in the world, OK?
Why are you just sucking on that thing?
It's a Papico!
Is it tasty?
It's super tasty!
Want some?
No, saliva is mixed with people's
half-eaten food.
That's OK!
It's a set of two!
They're connected like this.
Who you kill and who you
let live is up to you.
However...
Once you start to waver,
the corpses become unclean.
I won't collect them.
I'm sorry about the other day.
The same goes for me.
But...
I'm serious!
I was worried about your brother...
I wanted to help you out.
You said it, didn't you?
That Miyaichi-san doesn't
suit you at all.
No, no, no!
That's not what I meant.
- I'd be suitable for you!
- No, no, no!
You're just getting dragged around.
Does she even love you?
Dragging me around?
She's someone who won't
change for you.
I'll be waiting for you at this
coffee shop at 8 am. tomorrow.
Could you think about me for
a bit until then?
Is she a person who won't change?
Huh? Reina-sen?
I see. You thought you
were being kidnapped.
Yes.
But I'm glad I was wrong.
I'm really glad!
Good for you!
Then Miyaichi can help us out,
right?
She won't do that.
Then I'll go to the police
and report that she killed my friend.
- You can go now.
- Hold on!
She'll help us out?
She won't.
- I'll go to the police!
- Hold on, I said!
Why are you so determined?
Even if she killed another 45 people,
it wouldn't change anything.
She's a murderer.
That's not true!
Those are two different things!
What's different about getting killed?
Pet boy?
You can't, Miyaichi-san.
- I can't what?
- Just leave them alone.
- Don't turn them into corpses.
- Then what should I do?
Nothing.
Kurosu, they'll kill you!
That's preferable to you killing people.
What have you been seeing
from here?
You.
That's not it.
What did you see me do?
Killing...
- ...people.
- That's right.
I murder people.
- I'll keep doing that.
- But you didn't kill Haruko-chan!
You can stop if you want to!
- There's no way I can stop.
- I'll stop you!
Murdering people is what I do.
If I don't murder, I'm no
longer myself.
There is a Miyaichi-san that
doesn't murder!
You can have that future!
I like you. Miyaichi-san.
I like you so much I could die!
I like you to the point where
I wouldn't care if I died!
Kurosu-kun...
You don't understand me.
- You...
- I do know you!
You said that you peeped
on me, didn't you?
I wanted you do see the inside
of me more and more.
I've been watching you!
You fell in love with a murderer
like me.
But you refuse to accept that
I will continue to kill people.
The future you wish for
has a lot more tranquility.
I don't think I'm necessary
for that kind of future.
You're
wrong'
If you're not with me...
It can't be helped that
I have to kill.
If you follow those feelings,
you'll get trapped.
I decide the rules by which I kill.
Miyaichi-san!
Cover up that peephole already!
Perfect timing.
I'll have you stuffed after
you're dead.
What are you doing?
Buying stuff.
Miyaichi said these were super yummy.
Miyaichi asked me for a favor.
She wants to do a big clean-up.
Well, there's a lot of people
who'd be grateful for it.
There are way too many
for just two people.
It's dangerous!
But...
I can't do anything.
Miyaichi-san will kill people.
I can't accept that.
I can't do anything.
Well, you weren't connected
with her in the first place.
It's impossible to break
your connection.
That's not right...
Peep on me, Kurosu—kun!
This isn't right!
Shit!
Hello. Kurosu—san?
Sorry, Haruko-chan!
I have to go somewhere!
Miyaichi-san won't change herself.
She's just dragging me around.
She doesn't need me!
But I need her!
Don't make Miyaichi-san sad!
Make her stop killing right now!
Right now!
You've gone crazy.
All you have to do is slice their
arteries and have them bleed out!
You're grossing me out.
Is this the first time Miyaichi
doesn't need him?
Look, all you have to do
is cut the artery.
Die, you bastard!
Why are you here?
Miyaichi-san...
What were you doing?
You were going to get yourself
killed!
Didn't these guys make
you kill for them?
I kill people according to
my own rules.
I don't need people telling me to.
Then, who did you kill earlier?
That was one of their gang members.
Don't worry, he has been disposed of.
You sure are amazing.
But you weren't smiling when
you did it.
Right.
It wasn't fun at all.
Sou you're done killing?
If I did, I'd no longer be me.
I've told you many times!
I like everything about you.
I like you, Kurosu-kun!
It's not the same at all.
I wanted to kill someone
I really liked.
I understand that now.
I'm glad, though.
Kurosu-kun...
I love you!
Me too.
I love you.
Too bad about Kurosu.
It was the first time I got
that excited.
Do you want me to clean his room?
Kurosu-kun isn't going to peep
again, huh?
Hey! Don't leave me behind!
It's really too bad.
Why didn't you kill him?
It'd be a waste.
You sure are cute.
Even if you live together,
you should still peep on her!
I won't kill anymore.
Yep!
But I'll kill you someday!
It won't be easy, though.
Feel free to do it whenever!
This artery belongs to you, after all!
By the way, what's your name again?
Good point...
We flew right past that.
I'm Miyaichi Ryo!
Nice to meet you!
I'm Kurosu Etsuro.